org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.HouseKeeper@2c767a52[interval=660000, ownscheduler=true] scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging session ids []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.DefaultSessionCache@5c30a9b0[evict=-1,removeUnloadable=false,saveOnCreate=false,saveOnInactiveEvict=false] checking expiration on []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.HouseKeeper@2c767a52[interval=660000, ownscheduler=true] scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging session ids []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.DefaultSessionCache@5c30a9b0[evict=-1,removeUnloadable=false,saveOnCreate=false,saveOnInactiveEvict=false] checking expiration on []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.HouseKeeper@2c767a52[interval=660000, ownscheduler=true] scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging session ids []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.DefaultSessionCache@5c30a9b0[evict=-1,removeUnloadable=false,saveOnCreate=false,saveOnInactiveEvict=false] checking expiration on []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.HouseKeeper@2c767a52[interval=660000, ownscheduler=true] scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging session ids []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.DefaultSessionCache@5c30a9b0[evict=-1,removeUnloadable=false,saveOnCreate=false,saveOnInactiveEvict=false] checking expiration on []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.HouseKeeper@2c767a52[interval=660000, ownscheduler=true] scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging session ids []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.DefaultSessionCache@5c30a9b0[evict=-1,removeUnloadable=false,saveOnCreate=false,saveOnInactiveEvict=false] checking expiration on []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.HouseKeeper@2c767a52[interval=660000, ownscheduler=true] scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging session ids []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.DefaultSessionCache@5c30a9b0[evict=-1,removeUnloadable=false,saveOnCreate=false,saveOnInactiveEvict=false] checking expiration on []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.HouseKeeper@2c767a52[interval=660000, ownscheduler=true] scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging session ids []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.DefaultSessionCache@5c30a9b0[evict=-1,removeUnloadable=false,saveOnCreate=false,saveOnInactiveEvict=false] checking expiration on []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.HouseKeeper@2c767a52[interval=660000, ownscheduler=true] scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging session ids []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.DefaultSessionCache@5c30a9b0[evict=-1,removeUnloadable=false,saveOnCreate=false,saveOnInactiveEvict=false] checking expiration on []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.HouseKeeper@2c767a52[interval=660000, ownscheduler=true] scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging session ids []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.DefaultSessionCache@5c30a9b0[evict=-1,removeUnloadable=false,saveOnCreate=false,saveOnInactiveEvict=false] checking expiration on []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.HouseKeeper@2c767a52[interval=660000, ownscheduler=true] scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging session ids []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.DefaultSessionCache@5c30a9b0[evict=-1,removeUnloadable=false,saveOnCreate=false,saveOnInactiveEvict=false] checking expiration on []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.HouseKeeper@2c767a52[interval=660000, ownscheduler=true] scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging session ids []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.DefaultSessionCache@5c30a9b0[evict=-1,removeUnloadable=false,saveOnCreate=false,saveOnInactiveEvict=false] checking expiration on []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.HouseKeeper@2c767a52[interval=660000, ownscheduler=true] scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging session ids []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.DefaultSessionCache@5c30a9b0[evict=-1,removeUnloadable=false,saveOnCreate=false,saveOnInactiveEvict=false] checking expiration on []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.HouseKeeper@2c767a52[interval=660000, ownscheduler=true] scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging session ids []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.DefaultSessionCache@5c30a9b0[evict=-1,removeUnloadable=false,saveOnCreate=false,saveOnInactiveEvict=false] checking expiration on []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.HouseKeeper@2c767a52[interval=660000, ownscheduler=true] scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging session ids []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.DefaultSessionCache@5c30a9b0[evict=-1,removeUnloadable=false,saveOnCreate=false,saveOnInactiveEvict=false] checking expiration on []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.HouseKeeper@2c767a52[interval=660000, ownscheduler=true] scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging session ids []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.DefaultSessionCache@5c30a9b0[evict=-1,removeUnloadable=false,saveOnCreate=false,saveOnInactiveEvict=false] checking expiration on []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.HouseKeeper@2c767a52[interval=660000, ownscheduler=true] scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging session ids []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.DefaultSessionCache@5c30a9b0[evict=-1,removeUnloadable=false,saveOnCreate=false,saveOnInactiveEvict=false] checking expiration on []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.HouseKeeper@2c767a52[interval=660000, ownscheduler=true] scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging session ids []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.DefaultSessionCache@5c30a9b0[evict=-1,removeUnloadable=false,saveOnCreate=false,saveOnInactiveEvict=false] checking expiration on []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.HouseKeeper@2c767a52[interval=660000, ownscheduler=true] scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging session ids []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.DefaultSessionCache@5c30a9b0[evict=-1,removeUnloadable=false,saveOnCreate=false,saveOnInactiveEvict=false] checking expiration on []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.HouseKeeper@2c767a52[interval=660000, ownscheduler=true] scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging session ids []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.DefaultSessionCache@5c30a9b0[evict=-1,removeUnloadable=false,saveOnCreate=false,saveOnInactiveEvict=false] checking expiration on []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.HouseKeeper@2c767a52[interval=660000, ownscheduler=true] scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging session ids []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.DefaultSessionCache@5c30a9b0[evict=-1,removeUnloadable=false,saveOnCreate=false,saveOnInactiveEvict=false] checking expiration on []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.HouseKeeper@2c767a52[interval=660000, ownscheduler=true] scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging session ids []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.DefaultSessionCache@5c30a9b0[evict=-1,removeUnloadable=false,saveOnCreate=false,saveOnInactiveEvict=false] checking expiration on []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.HouseKeeper@2c767a52[interval=660000, ownscheduler=true] scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging session ids []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.DefaultSessionCache@5c30a9b0[evict=-1,removeUnloadable=false,saveOnCreate=false,saveOnInactiveEvict=false] checking expiration on []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.HouseKeeper@2c767a52[interval=660000, ownscheduler=true] scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging session ids []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.DefaultSessionCache@5c30a9b0[evict=-1,removeUnloadable=false,saveOnCreate=false,saveOnInactiveEvict=false] checking expiration on []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.HouseKeeper@2c767a52[interval=660000, ownscheduler=true] scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging session ids []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.DefaultSessionCache@5c30a9b0[evict=-1,removeUnloadable=false,saveOnCreate=false,saveOnInactiveEvict=false] checking expiration on []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.HouseKeeper@2c767a52[interval=660000, ownscheduler=true] scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging session ids []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.DefaultSessionCache@5c30a9b0[evict=-1,removeUnloadable=false,saveOnCreate=false,saveOnInactiveEvict=false] checking expiration on []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.HouseKeeper@2c767a52[interval=660000, ownscheduler=true] scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging session ids []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.DefaultSessionCache@5c30a9b0[evict=-1,removeUnloadable=false,saveOnCreate=false,saveOnInactiveEvict=false] checking expiration on []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.HouseKeeper@2c767a52[interval=660000, ownscheduler=true] scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging session ids []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.DefaultSessionCache@5c30a9b0[evict=-1,removeUnloadable=false,saveOnCreate=false,saveOnInactiveEvict=false] checking expiration on []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.HouseKeeper@2c767a52[interval=660000, ownscheduler=true] scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging session ids []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.DefaultSessionCache@5c30a9b0[evict=-1,removeUnloadable=false,saveOnCreate=false,saveOnInactiveEvict=false] checking expiration on []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.HouseKeeper@2c767a52[interval=660000, ownscheduler=true] scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging session ids []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.DefaultSessionCache@5c30a9b0[evict=-1,removeUnloadable=false,saveOnCreate=false,saveOnInactiveEvict=false] checking expiration on []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.HouseKeeper@2c767a52[interval=660000, ownscheduler=true] scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging session ids []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.DefaultSessionCache@5c30a9b0[evict=-1,removeUnloadable=false,saveOnCreate=false,saveOnInactiveEvict=false] checking expiration on []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.HouseKeeper@2c767a52[interval=660000, ownscheduler=true] scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging session ids []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.DefaultSessionCache@5c30a9b0[evict=-1,removeUnloadable=false,saveOnCreate=false,saveOnInactiveEvict=false] checking expiration on []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.HouseKeeper@2c767a52[interval=660000, ownscheduler=true] scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging session ids []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.DefaultSessionCache@5c30a9b0[evict=-1,removeUnloadable=false,saveOnCreate=false,saveOnInactiveEvict=false] checking expiration on []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.HouseKeeper@2c767a52[interval=660000, ownscheduler=true] scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging session ids []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.DefaultSessionCache@5c30a9b0[evict=-1,removeUnloadable=false,saveOnCreate=false,saveOnInactiveEvict=false] checking expiration on []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.HouseKeeper@2c767a52[interval=660000, ownscheduler=true] scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging session ids []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.DefaultSessionCache@5c30a9b0[evict=-1,removeUnloadable=false,saveOnCreate=false,saveOnInactiveEvict=false] checking expiration on []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.HouseKeeper@2c767a52[interval=660000, ownscheduler=true] scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging session ids []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.DefaultSessionCache@5c30a9b0[evict=-1,removeUnloadable=false,saveOnCreate=false,saveOnInactiveEvict=false] checking expiration on []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.HouseKeeper@2c767a52[interval=660000, ownscheduler=true] scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging session ids []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.DefaultSessionCache@5c30a9b0[evict=-1,removeUnloadable=false,saveOnCreate=false,saveOnInactiveEvict=false] checking expiration on []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.HouseKeeper@2c767a52[interval=660000, ownscheduler=true] scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging session ids []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.DefaultSessionCache@5c30a9b0[evict=-1,removeUnloadable=false,saveOnCreate=false,saveOnInactiveEvict=false] checking expiration on []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.HouseKeeper@2c767a52[interval=660000, ownscheduler=true] scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging session ids []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.DefaultSessionCache@5c30a9b0[evict=-1,removeUnloadable=false,saveOnCreate=false,saveOnInactiveEvict=false] checking expiration on []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.HouseKeeper@2c767a52[interval=660000, ownscheduler=true] scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging session ids []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.DefaultSessionCache@5c30a9b0[evict=-1,removeUnloadable=false,saveOnCreate=false,saveOnInactiveEvict=false] checking expiration on []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.HouseKeeper@2c767a52[interval=660000, ownscheduler=true] scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging session ids []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.DefaultSessionCache@5c30a9b0[evict=-1,removeUnloadable=false,saveOnCreate=false,saveOnInactiveEvict=false] checking expiration on []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.HouseKeeper@2c767a52[interval=660000, ownscheduler=true] scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging session ids []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.DefaultSessionCache@5c30a9b0[evict=-1,removeUnloadable=false,saveOnCreate=false,saveOnInactiveEvict=false] checking expiration on []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.HouseKeeper@2c767a52[interval=660000, ownscheduler=true] scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging session ids []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.DefaultSessionCache@5c30a9b0[evict=-1,removeUnloadable=false,saveOnCreate=false,saveOnInactiveEvict=false] checking expiration on []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.HouseKeeper@2c767a52[interval=660000, ownscheduler=true] scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging session ids []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.DefaultSessionCache@5c30a9b0[evict=-1,removeUnloadable=false,saveOnCreate=false,saveOnInactiveEvict=false] checking expiration on []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.HouseKeeper@2c767a52[interval=660000, ownscheduler=true] scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging session ids []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.DefaultSessionCache@5c30a9b0[evict=-1,removeUnloadable=false,saveOnCreate=false,saveOnInactiveEvict=false] checking expiration on []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.HouseKeeper@2c767a52[interval=660000, ownscheduler=true] scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging session ids []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.DefaultSessionCache@5c30a9b0[evict=-1,removeUnloadable=false,saveOnCreate=false,saveOnInactiveEvict=false] checking expiration on []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.HouseKeeper@2c767a52[interval=660000, ownscheduler=true] scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging session ids []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.DefaultSessionCache@5c30a9b0[evict=-1,removeUnloadable=false,saveOnCreate=false,saveOnInactiveEvict=false] checking expiration on []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.HouseKeeper@2c767a52[interval=660000, ownscheduler=true] scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging session ids []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.DefaultSessionCache@5c30a9b0[evict=-1,removeUnloadable=false,saveOnCreate=false,saveOnInactiveEvict=false] checking expiration on []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.HouseKeeper@2c767a52[interval=660000, ownscheduler=true] scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging session ids []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.DefaultSessionCache@5c30a9b0[evict=-1,removeUnloadable=false,saveOnCreate=false,saveOnInactiveEvict=false] checking expiration on []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.HouseKeeper@2c767a52[interval=660000, ownscheduler=true] scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging sessions
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.SessionHandler1545242146==dftMaxIdleSec=-1 scavenging session ids []
org.eclipse.jetty.server.session.DefaultSessionCache@5c30a9b0[evict=-1,removeUnloadable=false,saveOnCreate=false,saveOnInactiveEvict=false] checking expiration on []
